 When it's literally one, It's aren't post-World War Two. All right. So today we're going to do something different. We test this. So one of the homework, actually two of them, they are going to be in the form of a paper. So we're going to pretend that we are writing a paper to sand it for peer review and possible publication. I didn't writing papers for a number of years with some success. And so finally, I learned how to do, how to do it. It's not that I have the truth about how to write papers. I'm just going to share my experience here. And the reason is, now, I've seen many student papers. And the truth is that nobody teaches you how to, how to write papers. And I think that this is very important for you because at the end of the day, where you want to do is to do research and research has to be published. Otherwise, it doesn't make any sense, right? When Newton discovered is theory of universal gravitation, he just kept it to themselves. And there was this story about how a visiting him and saying I discover that this comment doesn't follow a circular orbit. It's it's ellipsoidal. And I don't know why it's mystery. And he said, yea, I know I filled it out and I'll send you a letter explaining why there was a separation. And so the science was very difficult to be spread and, and, and on top of it, it wasn't. Everything are frequently overlapping. Which made it more difficult, right? All this doesn't make sense. And we need to publish papers in a way. They can be they can be read by others. I understood. Right? So the first thing that we do is to write a paper, send it to journal. And then as a peer review, at least three or four people, peers read the paper and then they decide if they have recommended for publication or not. You know how it works. Now. What do people want to see in papers and how in order to recommend publication? Well, they need to understand why we wanted to publish their research. We want to understand what we do, why, why is considered a novelty? And then how we did it. Whatever the results. And all this is what has to be written in a paper, nothing else, right? So let's see some tips on how to write papers. Of course, there are many other ways to do that. And I put in the overview or this, or this module a couple books that, that you can read or write days. One very nice book which is called on writing blast. It condense a lot of different techniques and advice how to write papers by there are many, many sources. Also. You have the APA, American Psychological Society book, style book. And there is a lot of advice on how to do things, how to disseminate your, your research in a way, how to disseminate knowledge, right? So how do you, how do you seduce your audience? How do you make people get interested in your effort? We're thinking about the audience. So other scientists, other Researchers at one to learn what you did and want to use your research. But also, we are thinking about your, your Think of your reviewers. This is the first step, the first filter to pass, right? And so basically they objective of your research paper is, is there's a show. Oops, I think that I didn't I didn't share the screen here. All right. So for remote, this is the first slide. So again, we have to show the results of our research before the scientific community, right? And so willing to follow a logic path. We need to, in a way to figure out how people think. What people want to read. What people expect after, for example, the everyday introduction of your paper. Or within the introduction, what do they expect in order to satisfy their curiosity? So we need the logic part that might be like dark. So we first provide all the information needed to understand what we do. Then we present the knowledge that we have inferred. So the novelty of our research. And then after this, we have to present a critical discussion of what we did. So what is new? In my research? What is good and what are the trade-offs? We're never going to present something which is the best way to present something that has benefits, that has advantages and trade-offs. Right? In your research, you will get something and you will need to even went to date something. For example, combs are your, your research will solve effectively a problem that hasn't been solved before. But there's always advised by their data. The algorithm that you present is going to have a lot of computational environment. Or maybe you solve a problem with an algorithm which is light. But Daniel results, maybe they are not as good as any others that take a lot of computational burden. Right? The last paper that I produce with one nonetheless paper because it's been more than one year. And in under review, it presents an algorithm that solves a problem in like 20 minutes. The previous literature, days or weeks. And so I have to pay something, right? That's effect then the results are enough. I do it in 20 minutes. It's not as good as if I spend for four days or even a week trying to solve. So there's always advantages, trade-offs. And this is the critical discussion, right? Otherwise nobody is going to relate what you did. When I was in high school. I reproduce. They get them. They experiment. They furthermore, the Excel. And my physics teacher said, once you have measure, and I was so proud of what I did and I said, the measures are perfect. I can, I can measure the frequency of the light with nowhere. And he says, Well good, but nobody's going to believe you. You say, it's perfect. You have to present your error bars, right? You have to. Do, you have to present what is good and what's bad? That's bottom-up. Otherwise, you lose credibility, right? There are many ways to lose credibility in a paper, and the paper has your name. And this is very important to think about. So there's a roadmap. That's my idea, or drama or right? Of course, there is always a factor they have to follow inside a starter. You guys debate in many different ways that my particular interpretation, right, but it works. So the title first, the important, right? I will, I will post a YouTube video of a physician, a physicist that does. Videos about physics and math. And he, and one of his videos, he talks about clickbait. Clickbait, right? So when somebody puts a title or very seductive title, so you click on it, right? Sometimes this is done for batches for, for the sake of money and right, and then when you click, there's nothing. Why? But sometimes clickbait is good. You need to think of the best possible vital for your work. So people have they imposed to grade your paper? And this guy present some experiments in which he, he makes our video about physics. And, and the title is just not, it's informative, but it's not the best that you can do for people to have the curiosity, right? And then he changed the title and then the number of clicks increases exponentially. So the title is very important. If you put a very long title, people will just skip or if it's too short. There's no information on people with pass. All right. And when people been to the database as to why AAA or Elsevier or any others looking for information. The first thing that they DO is still a bit titles and then also the keywords, right? So did the title and keywords. They are important for others to find your way because there's millions of papers out there. The I triple E cell. It has, I don't know how many millions of papers, right? And so you need to put your keywords so people find the topics. Are they interested in your papers? So, and so then you have and abstract. In this abstract, this is also important because when people are looking for papers, this is the first thing that pops up, big abstract. And so you present your research at a glance. Then after this, which is the presentation of your paper in which you don't really put any new knowledge. Than four parts that are mostly included in your introduction. Motivation, state of the art approach and advantages and trade-offs. This is your introduction, right? So when, when you write a paper, you had a lot of fun putting all the experiments together, you get your results, your monolithic derivations, whatever. This is fun, this is very rewarding because it's the knowledge that your work. And, but then you have to write an introduction. And this might be tedious and boring. And so the best way to write the introduction, to write the pump Russians to is to have a plan, to have a structure and then it's way easier to fill the lungs. And so my recommendation here is to segment your introduction in this four, this four blocks. Motivation, state-of-the-art approach, the discussion forum. I'm wanting to the point of view. Why do we want motivations? As the first think of an introduction? I'm asking, why do, why do I want them occupation? Because we want the reader to want to finish reading the first paper. Something like inspire those two. Yes. Explain the purpose of your research. Discoveries exactly, exactly. I mean, it goes by itself. Why do I explain my motivations? Of course, I want to resonate with readers. That's what you said, right? Where I need to do that. But primarily, what I want to do is to explain why I did this. Why is it worth to do this work? Right? And this, as it makes sense, no other eyes were successful in my research or not. The motivation is important because I need to explain, I need to justify my work. And that's the first thing. Motivation I did this because it's needed here or because whatever, for the sake of it. Whatever, right? And so the second thing is state of the art. So I bought my motivations, but then I need to explain what other people have been doing before I started with my work or at the same time. And why is this needed? It's not many papers as a reviewer or ASA, Twitter. It's not that I need to show bye knowledge on the topic. I don't need to presenting here, I don't need to justify that I am entitled to his work, but I have the authority to do this work for nothing like that. This is not the purpose of the state of the art, the state of the eye. It's going to be worth later when I present my approach. When I present state of the art, then I have to choose the main works that treat the same topic, that attended the same problem. Or that found that the font that is worth to work in that topic if nobody solve it. And then when I present this works, I have to summarize what they did, their advantages and trade-offs. When I present my work. Then I say, well, I solved this problem in a way that doesn't have those trade-offs. I solve a problem that nobody else could solve. I saw the problem in a faster ways, right? When I present my approach, I have to present by comparison with whatever was done before. And this justifies the novelty of my paper around. So a state-of-the-art and the approach they got together. Because I want to compare my work with whatever is done before. In that paper that I am, I just mentioned before, what I do is hyper resolution. So how do you take a low resolution picture, just one, and pass it through a machine and get an another image with a higher resolution. There are many ways to do that. If you get the same picture from different points of view, slightly different, you can extract information to improve the resolution by combining the information of all the images. Right? But that whatever, you only have one image. The only, the, only, the only possibility is to fake the hyper resolution. If you have one image with our resolution information that isn't a half, it's gone. Now what we can do is to teach a neural network to, to fake the information that is found by using other images. For which we know What does informational information, what Islam, which is lost. So when they neural network finds a given structuring in Bellingham, given pattern. Then it patches with other images in order to improve the information. It's fake. But it improves the experience of the viewer. This has been solved. I'm not adding any new wonderful thing that improves the resolution. People did die before. I approach was this takes a lot of work. We can do things using this other technology that avoids a huge computational burden. And so that is the contact. People do this. They do it wonderfully. Buy, it takes forever. I can add to that real time. It takes 20 minutes for training. A few milliseconds for testing for, for improving resolution. I can do it in real time. Real Di Du Bois not going to look at the details, right? So that's that justifies my work. And I'm saying no, no, I'm not introducing any new technology. Nothing. I just include this particular thing that's worth before we'll get published. Alright? So this is the idea of putting. State of the art and the approach. And of course, once you, once you justify the novelty of your approach, then you have to say, well, there's no free lunch. There's the chess, there's trade-offs. I can do it real time. The experience of a world where we go. But if you phrase a much, just they want you much and you compare it with others, the quantity is going to be worse, right? The thing is that other approaches, they cannot do the same with the same computation on what, even if the quality is worse, the computational work and other technologies, economy. So stale my work is worth even with the trigrams. Right? So that will be the introduction and it's very important. It's very important. All right. I don't want introductions where people list like 100 papers showing that they know what other people did. I know, you know about that. To show me what is important in conveys and with your and do not do not mommy anything, right? There are missions, then that might be suspicious. It might be the case that or you're found that somebody did it before, you omit this paper. All right, so try to be exhaustive. But what we want here is a comparison with your work. That's it. Right? Now. That is the abstract. This is the introduction, as I said. So these are the things that you should not forgetting your introduction. The state of the art is not written to show off your why knowledge of the topic. Or to list all what is done in the area without any meaning, without an instructor, without any question about it. Alright? Its importance so your reader, it's putting context about what is the area of research of course, or summarize and summarize the methods, advantages, and trade-offs are there. After the state of the art. When you do your approach budget trade-offs, you must clearly explain what you want to do. And you have to compare it to the state of the art. And it's important because it should show the novelty of your approach. Right? If you don't do this, no matter what is not there, how good is your paper? You put it at risk? Because they reviewers, they will read your introduction. Now. So this Yes. Of that nature, we're comparing mentioned in here, you're probably approaching our usage dimensionless number. Well, some, some papers they contain 1520 by France has some fibers, they contain 100s. It's highly dependent on what you want to talk about. Some, some topics that have been studied extensively. Then you might need to put a lot of references. Some, some journals, by the way, they limit the number of references that you, that you can put. In some Elsevier journals. It's 3030 references, references, total of, I think it's 66 thousand or 8 thousand words. So there's a lot of restrictions, right? But this is pretty much about it. At the beginning when you start writing a paper, it's hard to put the references. But the moment you finish it, you will see that the denominator of reference, that the number of rooms that you have, it's so huge that you have to omit references. But I don't have an answer for that. It depends on your work by if you've been working in a target for one year, you never have a problem. We done because part of the research is looking at other approaches, are looking on the databases. Google Scholar in, right. And then you end up with many, many references that you can. Sometimes, remember by heart, right? So this is never going to be a problem. So, well, let's say we have the introduction and then we need to, in the body of our paper, we have to put our theory and then our results, right? So this is an x. This is an exercise that we're going to do. When you arrive, they favor of your super vector machines approach. You are going to pretend that you are introducing a support vector machine. And then super vector machine is rooted in the statistics of the few realistic, the big statistical learning theory. And so what happens is that you cannot explain everything from scratch. That will take about that the baby can never be self-contained. So here you have to summarize the theoretical background with that, that is not yours. It's not yours. Not your theory is a theory that you use in order to develop your equations. And here, boom, on references. Right? So at the end of the day you're going to need to decide what to keep and whatnot. And here is important to reference the work of others. So if you say I need to, I need to do constrain optimization here. Well, you are not going to explain how it works, but you can sign the bill by reading assignments or any other work in which the theory that is explained, then the only thing that you do is to apply the method or even summarizing. Even summarize that because it's not, your contribution is just a tool that you use. And maybe you only need to the reader to know the results. And how is it done well within a book? If you don't know how to do it. Developed around, right? So this is the theoretical background. So you introduce what is needed to understand the theory that you put later. And if your work has a theoretical component, sometimes it doesn't. Rise of damage uses some theory. You do not modify. But if you use a theoretical development, then you have to put it there with detail. And this work, this, this development they have to be, they have to be related to the theoretical background otherwise to decarbonize useless, right? So you've used these are the gaba grant to make your derivations, right? We will also, for example, talk about kernels, about Hilbert spaces. We do not put everything about Hilbert spaces there, but we will need a theorem that says theorem. We cite the theorem and we put a reference. And people can go to this reference. But so here we have the background. And then my approach, and my approach contains the criteria that are used, for example, in machine learning. The criteria that I'm going to use in order to write my algorithm. So we have to differentiate between the theory and the algorithm. There are two different facts. If we mix them together, then people are going to have a hard time to understand. When you write your PhD dissertation. Many of you will have a syndrome which is very well known, which is the imposter syndrome, right? That, that hub activities. I wrote my dissertation and I thought, Wow, this is so straightforward that people are gonna laugh, right? And, and you're kind of a shame of what you did. While this is straightforward, this is not novel. This is, this is a syndrome that happens partly because he had been working so long in that topic. That for you, it looks straightforward. That happens to instructors that are here. Malposition of explaining machine learning and other topics. We explain things and we think, wow, this is like from Lebanon, Mustang it quick. You were the equations and then you move on. And then people just get frozen there saying What? Why? Because I understand For me it's a straightforward because I've been working on that for 25 years. You haven't, right? This is something to avoid when you write a paper. Something which seems straightforward to you. It might be really difficult for the rest. I worked with mathematician Selima environment and they were writing about abstract geometry like crazy and talking to me about that. Like it was the most, the easiest thing in the world. And I cannot understand a word right side for them. Slow down because otherwise I'm I'm out of here. So this is something, please always, always bear in mind. This the worldview that is a straightforward for you and for all if we've not even for your PhD advisor, right? Sometimes our students, they give me a hard time because they started with the equations, with ideas and everything and I got it, right. Always safer for you for others. It's top-notch research. So when you explain your algorithms, you have to be very, very, what's the word? Didactic? Okay? Explain things in a really, really easy way with all the details that you think that others my right? So you have to work in other shops in order to write your argument. Why is this important? If the reviewers don't understand, they will say, now, maybe they're getting press with your knowledge of thanks. And it was a while this Bi is on, this woman is super-smart. Let's publish this paper, but this is not what happens most of the time, right? A very didactic. So there'll be one understands. And of course, not patronising. Alright? There's a trade-off. So here you explain your algorithm. And inside the theory, you start from an analytic point of view saying, this is good, this is what you pay, right? My algorithm is truly fast. You can do that in a small computer real time. But it's not gonna be as good as bugs. And of course, this is something that you have to show made. So this is the theoretical part of your approach, right? The theoretical background, the theory that you introduce. And then your algorithm. Separate, separate. This rethinks. Mainly. You might say, well this can be together. Why the algorithm goes away. And the exponential. Do never put quotes in your papers. All your homework. By the way, the code is totally useless for others. You might say, I need to explain the algorithm from our computer science point of view. And then you put a pseudo codes. Whites are the steps. So the steps needed for others to program the algorithm, they bombed way. Most times I feel that the pseudocode is useless. Some people put it, sometimes is worth, but never. I don't want to see a Python or MATLAB or C plus plus, because this is not useful or less. Bakeries about that. If you're writing a paper in computer science, then maybe you want to explain how something can be done in a, in an optimal way and then you need to put the covered by. This is the only case in which the code is useful when your paper is our copy, right? It's very important. Go to magically get papers at random. It will tell me how many neighbors wrap-up. Now, right? So what else? We'll summarize how this introduction theory experiments. Well, if I ask you why the experiments are important, you will lead. You will say, we don't even need to answer this question. Experiments are important unless you are introducing a subzero. If you introduce a theorem, we need experiments, right? It's a mathematical truths video. Or you want to apply it, and then in this case, your lab experiments. But in our papers. Most times we will need experiments in order to show the usefulness of our algorithm. Our introduces knowledge right here is also important to follow and get started. What is the most important thing of my experimental section? What do you think? Oh, yeah. The results by 305 can be nobility. Yes. Then novelty. Okay? The novelty of our algorithm can be explained and proven before we start with experiments, right? But then I have to demonstrate that my algorithm is not only novel, but it works. Right? So there is a connection between the experiments and the novelty. It might be the case that nobody did that before. And so I just proved that they can do it. And here's a novelty. It might be the case that other to solve the problem. But a solid in a different way with different advantages. And then all these important. But there are three things, things that are intrinsically important in our experiments. The first one is reproducibility. If my experiments cannot be reproduced by any other people having the same resources that I have done the experiments are useless. I have to write the experiments so other people can reproduce them. So they can write the algorithm. They can get the data. Once they do these two things, they can get exactly the same result. Some experiments are stochastic, meaning that using the same data and the same algorithm. And I write, if I run the experiments twice, then I will get different results. Right? But in mean, that results will be the same. The variance or the Jose will be the same, whatever. All right. There is always a way to measure if the experimenter they do at home or in my lab is equal to the experiment that they offer published, right? Experiments have to be reproducible. Sometimes I work with data which is not, which is not data that can be shared, right? So if I use patients, data from patients. Again, but many ways there are ways to, to pull data from public repository. But usually this is something that we have to provide with a way to get data, the same data for similar data to reproduce experiments. And so How can be possible that I explain an algorithm, but then people cannot reproduce it. I give you my data here. And this is a algorithm here. And then you try to do the experiment. You cannot reproduce it. Why? Can you tell me a case where somebody cannot reproduce the experiment or whatnot the code. For the IEP. You're going I write nine, but the algorithm is there, so we can both write it. Docker is always up with an algorithm that is, that, that works. I'm assuming that this is working. Yes. My next experiment, yeah, that's kind of this. For example. I have my data, my algorithm, and the algorithm. There's always trade-offs, write this down, freelancers for some. It might, it might happen that I have to chose parameters. In a super vector machine, I have to choose the value of c, right? If I do not explain, how do I find my value of c that other people won't be able to, to, to reproduce my experiment. Yeah, unless they. Femur out, but you don't have to, you don't have to let it today imagination of the reader. Rather introduce this super vector machine. And I say, well, I have this parameter c. And then what they did is to choose a range from one to one fashion. And I, and I divide the possible values in avoiding the way I choose 100 values. And with this, people can be people know exactly the values that they use. Then I take my data and I use 80% for training, 20% for cross-validation, or I do FIFO or I leave one out, something. And then is when people will be able to exactly reproduce your experiments. Right? I had to explain all the details of the experiment. Sometimes I might say, You know what, this parameter, I do not cross validated. I have this heuristic. This parameter has to be equal to the thermal noise that I find in my data. All right, okay, I'm going to try the same and then I get the same result. It may be that the reader or the viewer say, this is not the best way to do. It's a lot to really experiment, okay, well, but at least I gave you all the needed for it to repeat. It, maybe not, it might be, it might not be the best way. The experiment is fully explain. You have to fully explain. You would explain included the day, the way in which you present the data, the way in which you change the parameters or choose them. All the details, right? And this is very important and it's the reproducibility of the extra. Because if you do something which is wrong under and their reviewer doesn't notice that your baby that's published. And it turns out that the experiment cannot be reproduced because it wrong. This is a problem for you because you will have a paper which is wrong, published. In the worst case, retracted by others. You don't want to have a paper retracted by others, by reviewers, by other readers. You don't want to have a faculty member. I almost get my, my first papers, the first paper because one of the authors data. And so I thought I took a lot to the results. And I asked him, How is it possible that your numbers here, they are better than in the case of the optimum Bayesian classifier. It was better than the optimal. As I took, I took, I took the family to do that, to get the optimum Bayes classifier artificially. And so in order to see what was the best possible result. And this guy, better results, that the data is always 92% and give a 96 percent. And then so one morning I got to, I got it allow I see the results and ask this guy. And that guy started mumbling. And then I started yelling at them, like precedes, yelling and he got scared. It was an aid in the Olympic team of Taiwan or Morocco. Saudi with a big, strong Bye, bye. I was so mind. And I'll finally he okay, I get so much information for us is by saying, can. It doesn't matter, right? Is our good friend and good person. But we were desperate to publish. So then we have repeated the experiments. And the results were that when power is the paper, right? But if, if they parliament, we tried to solve one of the problems you as a classic artificial problem. And everyone knew that there was that optimal base. We publish the paper without results, then probably somebody would have retracted it. Right? So this is something to totally avoids. All right? Of course you are not going to cheat and I know you're not going to fight. You might, you might get wrong results by mistake. If you put part of your training data among the test, that happens, sometimes you get it wrong and you mix test and training, and then you get results that are better than that they might be. Right? So for example, your Or your test error is better than training error. And you don't notice it is very dangerous. Because is the concept of being a pariah, real science. But I'd say again, sorry, this is the concept of bigger pariah. Or I guess another way, basically somebody that is not trustworthy. As far as like researchers, scholars, that lights up the carbon within the world. But I don't understand what is, what is the concept as far as like, let's say so some researcher publishes the wrong data on a constant base or is it gets a lot of retractions. Does do they do people like create a reputation that this is his stuff like that. Let's say when something is done by mistake, most people understand it right away. Okay, that was a mistake. I only, I say that these are risks for reputation, mainly when you or your young researcher and you publish your first paper. Then they are not proves that you did things in an honest way in the past, right? So people my best pictures, but if you have been publishing papers and then usually wrongly, poorly in one, people might say. So on this guy or republic, right? If, if, if you cheat, then that's going to be the end of your career. As we have seen case x, right? May mainly in cancer research, in, in cell biology where it's so easy to fake pictures of people do that. Not too many people. Banana in some cases they get caught. What you're going to buy, you might do it wrong. And I think that this is a really difficult word for me and I am without noticing it, whatever. Just by mistake. All right? And so what I'm saying here S good way to avoid this kind of mistakes is to IC, suddenly explain what you did with all the details. And then the reviewers, they will say no this Yvonne. Or your advice for yourself. Or you being the advice or whatever, somebody will notice errors. And this is why we need peer review. But the experiments, they have to be reproducible. In some cases, reviewers will reproduce your experiment is not too common. That happens, right? So reproducibility, that is the most important thing. And I said two more. I don't even remember l. This is the important thing. So for starters, I feel experiments. We want to be very clear of what we did and why and how Rhyme. So one way to do that is first, before you referring to start with that results in advertising. The first explain, summarize what experiments they were conducted. By. What experiments were conducted. Well, I took sets of high resolution images and then I have to officially have reduce the resolution. So I point to the database that they use. I use those images that contains buildings, contains faces of people, whatever, cars. And then I use this procedure to reduce the resolution. It might be just a variation. Pixels or passing them. They'd be much through a filter and then subsampling many, many ways. While I chose this one. And so people can get the images and videos resolution. Right? Now before I get into details as to say what experiments are conducted, well, I think the image as my right eye, if it is a solution. And then I pass them through my him in order to see what is the improvement of solution and a, compare the original high resolution with a artificial high resolution image. And then I have two measures. One is visual, one is subtract them. So I look at the images and save. I'm happy with them. And then another one is quantitative measure of the qualitative side. Subtract one image from the other. And then I compute the error between the original and the reconstructed. So explain what they did. Right? So why did I do that? Well, because I want to prove that they II much as they had before. Good. Also they are able to partially reconstruct the information or the original image from the knowledge that the neural network has about other images that have been introduced to Australia. And that said, and with this, you explain clearly, what do you want to prove? And after that, you have to explain how you obtain your data. Well, the zeta is in that database. Or I can say, I went to the street with a camera and started taking pictures. And in this case, I might put them in a repository for ours too. That nowadays is very common. So you publish your paper, then you publish your data paper, right? And now it's starting to be very common to, to, to publish your paper, your paper and your software paper. And Elsevier is going to, it's starting to become a symbolic one paper for theory and everything and to others explaining your algorithms from a computer science point of view and your data, right? So how do you, how do you obtain your data? Where the data is? How can I do that to get the same or similar vein? Right now, experimental setup. What does this? I need to, I need to change parameters. I need to train my neural network and I need to test it. So how do I do four to train the data? What I have 150, whatever image has, one fashion images here. And then I segment them into three sections. Then I have this parameter, this parameter, I test this range of parameters, right? And then I compute the error using this equation. And so far I didn't present any result. I just explain what experiments I did, why I did them, how they are done, and how obtain the data. And finally, both the results. Okay? If I first present the results, people will get last, right? So I have the original images, I have some other images and some graphs about the errors. What it says, why? Just take your time to explain everything by that. Anybody? All this. What experiments, what do I want to prove with them and how I did them including the data? It might be half a page. It might be a small introduction, right? You don't need a lot of space to do that. But if you do it and the reader has a good idea of what they are going to see, that it's going to be much better for the understanding of the paper in order to see that my resource of words around. And then I have to show the results. And so this, it includes reproducibility, right? So, but there's no, sorry, is this algorithm for hyper resolution. And then I present you the results so I get a high resolution images that I must obey much as I can tell this. And I gave it to you than what you said. I present my hour and my results were due. What else is new here? This discussion is something, yes, you need the discussion. But that's going to be asked to write the experiments by the Asians. Were validation is among be there. So it's experimental setup. The experimental setup includes my validation, right? That's going to be included in the experiments. But there's something very important. Let's go on. Research, motivations, state of the advantages and Philips devote to the experiments. Again. This is something that I can include in the discussion. Here. In the experiments. I show the experiments and in the results section, I showed the results like aseptically, this is what they got. And then in the discussion, advantages and trade-offs, well, the discussion, but there's something missing here. Let's call that paper Dido around motivational state of the art. So it goes, do you use this? You use state-of-the-art will say data that you're using to prepare? Yes. Yes. Exactly. If I present my results on the pebble and I say Yeah, but how did people did that? Right? What are the comparisons between what Julianne and whether it because maybe it might be the case and then you have your results a little more beard. But then when they were like other algorithms, that much better. So basically you need a baseline to compare to. That said, that said, when you do comparisons in forecast, using machine Learning forecast for combo of you who are solar-powered forecast. That's something that I do in my research. There are many other algorithms that use the same thing, right? So you want to compare your algorithm with other algorithms that did the same thing. They did solar-powered forecasts for the next 15 minutes. And also that is standard baseline here, which is that persistence. So if I want to know how many kilowatts per hour I'm going to have in 15 minutes. The baseline, the pure, basic baseline is to say, well, in 50 minutes, the situation will be the same as now. And I will have an error because it's about the mumps, right? And it's going to be a small error. Not accept cards, they go and upload the sun, right? So that the basic baseline is the persistence. How better, how bad it is my opinion that process, thanks. If it has one decimal, maybe it's not worth comparisons with say. And also with the standard baseline. Sometimes there are standards baselines, right? Like persistence their hours. Okay? Comparisons with, good luck with everything. Maybe you cite sided 20 different works. But then you go back again. And then, so you talk about the advantages and trade-offs. What are the other things that clearly doesn't meet the expectations of yours? This, this, and this. Okay, let's discard that because just with the theoretical introduction, I can justify easily that it's worth comparing myself with us, but those algorithms. But what are the elements that can challenge mine? These are the others I have to compare myself with. Unless I drove, that none of the algorithms can be mine. And even in this case, I need some comfort to, after the ability to my paper to ask anybody to do my work. Comparisons with the state of the art, right? With algorithms that my challenge, the performance of my hour. So in order to do that, to read a lot of paper, to guess, that's it. You actually need to know a lot about the state of the art. But they weren't happens is that you have been doing research on that topic for one year or more, if it's your biases, rotation, or even more if you have been working on that topic, machine learning or whatever anyway, for several years, you know, a lot of you will know a lot about everything. So it's not going to be a problem to know what is worth to compare yourself with a horse. It's going to be a problem to reproduce those algorithms. Sometimes people put their code. Online you just downloaded, compare yourself. Sometimes they don't, and then you have to do the work from scratch. And this is deleterious and is one of the most difficult parts once you have your results to reproduce other people works, but you have to do it. Otherwise, your paper doesn't have all the credibility that it should. Right? Compressions. And of course, he has advantages and trade-offs. They have to be a, have to be explained later. But these are the things to remember. First, what you did and why you did it. Justify why you did this experiment and not others? Right? You need to, to explain why you want to do the experiments and these measurements. Well, because you want to prove that your algorithm is good there and there. So maybe your algorithm, your, your, your images, they had been corrected with white noise. You're IBM is not going to work. And you say, but if your algorithm has been corrupted with any other kind of noise, they are known as salt and pepper noise or spike noise, or the resolution is being produced, bedroom is worth. So you say, I'm not going to bother to grab my data with noise, with white noise because it's not going to work. I'm not going to do that, but I might explain it. 1 second thing. Make sure that they are fully reproducible. Everything. How do you generate your data? The parameters, how you choose them? They statistical measurements. You don't cite the measurement, you're just given the equation that we use. Right? Maximum absolute percentage of adults. It's called MAPE. You put it the equation there. It's just an equation. Unless you say mean and variance. Again, I don't need to put the question of them innovate, right? Symmetric made. What is the semantic make? While people don't know, just put the equation, alright? Forecast skill. You don't say my forecast the skills of 3%. What is for gases? He'll just put it there so people don't have to go to Wikipedia, right? So physical measurements explain them when necessary. And then you have to be informative. Present the results in a clean, clean, and clear way. And you will put graphs, tables, all the tables, all the graphs of the figures. They have to be commented in the next. Right. That is always a reference. The figures in the text, that the figures are to help them. We don't have to, you have to live to the reader the interpretation, you have to interpret that. And also in the caption of the femur, you have to be informative caption a fever because people will look at the femur and we'll say one is that your plane, right? And always use captions. And then finally, discussion and concussions. You have to analyze your results. You have to be critical. My algorithm is good here and there. You have to compare there. So you put your raft together with others. And in discussion is when you say my other him over. So I don't know, my aluminum is better than a state-of-the-art four by three decimals or whatever. And when possible, explain why. Explain why your algorithm is better. And explain what your algorithm is worse or when, or for example, might, algorithms might be better computationally but worse and quantitative results or all the way around. I might have an algorithm which is really good and it takes forever to retrain. Okay? Trade-offs. It's very important. So people will ask themselves when they review the paper while you know what, yes, but how much it costs this algorithm. You tell them. So they will decide whether your algorithm is working or not. But all this quantitative or qualitative considerations, you have to put them in the painter. Right? So the questions, the question of the reader is, okay, is worth to have disadvantages of these trade-offs, yes or not. But nothing else. You do not raise suspicion. And then finally, you have the compression. There are many ways to the right. I'm going to, I'm going to present someone to write a combustion in a really fast way. And so the conversion is useful first in order to understand why I do things like that. The compulsion is useful for two things. First, you have it for the reader to reveal. And so they get the big picture in mentioning what is next. Hi. Instead of these machine learning bus. When I say I get about AI and machine learning. Yeah, why not? So why I am here? Why you have mandible? Assuming that there was a book. This is algebra one. Instead of going to give it a book you're reading. That's it. So why is the instructor here? To protect the material to the student today? Because it's usually very dry. Well, not everybody understand what the 3D. Yeah. It's it's kind of this kind of gets the book is written from, from cover to bother. But the book is not telling you this is the key part, is the important part. This is what you have to take home and this is a pro, but it's secondary. But you need to know it. Right? So the instructor needs to know what should be the outcome of your instruction. What is important, what is not, what you can skip? How can you use or whatever knowledge you got? And this is not total inbox. This is why we have Instructors. All right. This is a question that I asked myself all the time with what I'm doing, what am I doing it, right? And so to, to feel myself useful for humankind, right? So this is what you have to do. Yup and glycine. Tell the reader what to take home, what is important? What tubes kick in, they don't care about. And do it in a very short way. So you assume that the reader having a paper and then they know everything pretty much. And then start able to compassion. Oops. So how can you write it? Well, you know what is important? What is that you want the reader to take home? So they go through their paper and outline whatever you think that is fundamental to, to understand the paper. To use it. Just outline it, and then write a draft of the compression in bullet points. I introduce an algorithm for high resolution, single shot, single image super-resolution. Not multi image super-resolution. And it is good because the results are good, sufficient and the computational burden is from Modigliani lowered understandable. I use a type of neural network which is called receivable or whatever. And it works because instead of storing of studying the information of the image as it stores the information of the error or the images. So I avoid a lot of information that it doesn't constitute knowledge. And we implement the algorithm using whatever blocks. And then we do experiments with these kind of images in order to prove that my algorithm a reasonable with a lot of computational work. Then what I want to do is to get to apply this algorithm in eBay, nothing images but in sequences in real time for gaming or for whatever. So what I did there is to go through the paper to outline whatever I want the reader to, to, to remember. And then I dry my bullet points. And finally, I change my bullet points by paragraphs. And I can do that in 20 minutes. Alright. This is my population here. This is not a question for, for, for a set of slides. Alright. It's not a question that I would put in a set of flights that will be a congratulate. This was a paper. So I go through my slides and I say, well, what is that? I want you to take home childbirth urea with the experimental results and discussion and about compassion, what is my proportion of breath? So this is what you're going to use as a guide. I'm sorry, it's late. I know this is what we're going to use as a guide to write the paper right next to their next class. When I'm going to do is to show you examples of papers and we're going to discuss. All right, that's it. Thank you very much for your patience. This is true. I'm sorry. I may repeat questions. Here is not so good and it masks. But he was not your fault. Yeah. That's it. Thank you.