So let us now discuss about the opportunities and the challenges that exist in the Cloud computing era. What is the purpose and benefits? Cloud computing enables companies and applications, which are system infrastructure-dependent to be infrastructure-less. By using Cloud infrastructure, you can pay as you need and you can pay as you demand. So all of us can save capital and operational investment. I mean all of us, both the user can save capital investments by really not investing in data centers, but as well as Cloud vendors can leverage this shared resources and allocate them accordingly. So client can put their date on the platform instead of their own desktop, PCs, or of their own servers. They can put their applications on the Cloud and use the servers within the Cloud to do processing in data manipulations. So Cloud-sourcing, why is it becoming a big deal? It is becoming a big deal because using high-scale/low-cost providers is beneficial. You can have anytime and anyplace access to the resources via some platform, a web browser, or some other platform. You can rapidly scale your resources with incremental cost and load sharing, and you really need to forget about hiring, and keeping, and maintaining local IT folks. But what are the concerns? These are the benefits, what are the concerns? The concerns is your performance and reliability are now governed by the vendor. In fact, that relationship of the performance reliability is governed by the service-level agreement that the client has signed with the Cloud vendor. You also lose control of the data. The data are not anymore in your own infrastructure, in your own systems, or web servers. But rather, they are hosted on the Cloud. So application features and choices are effectively chosen by the Cloud vendor based on what they feel are the need of their customer, but they are not always certain about that. You have to do different interactions between Cloud providers. Actually, there are not good interaction between Cloud providers and there are not standard APIs right now. So any service Cloud provider can provide their own APIs. For that reason, it's hard to move between one and another. Of course, there are private security and compliance and trust issues, but that actually is something bigger. So the use of the Cloud provides a number of opportunities. It enables services to be used without any understanding of the underlying infrastructure. Cloud computing works using what we call economies of scale. We already said that. It potentially lowers the outlay expense for startup companies as they would no longer need to buy their own software or service. The cost will be on-demand pricing. Vendors and service providers claim costs by establishing an ongoing revenue stream. Data services are stored so you can access them at any point, at any place. In parallel, there has been backlash for Cloud computing. The use of Cloud computing means dependency on others, and that could possibly limit flexibility and innovation. The others can be either companies like Google, IBM, and so forth. Some argue that this use of supercomputers is a return to the mainframe computer that have been seen was a reaction against. Though, in my opinion, this is a false argument. Security could prove a big issue. When you go through all the security, you know which pieces of your infrastructure are secure and which are not secure, and you could work on that. Now, it is unclear how safe it is to outsource the data when using services ownership of data is not always clear. Like, will your data remain in that state or will be replicated in countries with different legal frameworks? In order to discuss about legal frameworks, it is important so that every country or every region has its own laws, and the way they enforce the laws is totally different. There are also issues related to policies and access. So if your data stored abroad, whose policy do you adhere to? What happens if that remote server goes down? How will you get access files? Of course, there have been users being locked out of accounts and they couldn't even access the data. Let say you forget your password. Now, you're locked out.