So we discussed the advantages of cloud computing. Of course, they are not only advantages, there are disadvantages as well. It requires a constant Internet connection, it is impossible to access the cloud resources if you do not have a reliable connection. Since you use the Internet connect to both your application and documents, if you do not have an Internet connection, you cannot access anything even if you really own these documents. A dead Internet connection means no work and in areas where Internet connections are few or inherently unreliable, this can be a deal-breaker occasionally. So you have to get your system in some sort of a hybrid mode. [NOISE] Of course, it doesn't work well with low-speed connections. If you use dial-up services which, again, are probably extinguished right now, but still if you use your phone and you're tethering, and your connection is not really great, accessing those cloud computing resources to be able to interact with a cloud computing platform is fairly difficult. Web-based application requires a lot of bandwidth to download, as do really large documents. [NOISE] Features might be limited. So for example, in mostly desktop, laptop applications, you can have a lot of features and added things because it has been years of development. Now as this move to the cloud, occasionally you may be bound to specific features or maybe the corresponding online application may not have the full features as the desktop based one. For example, Microsoft PowerPoint has way more features that the corresponding Google Presentation web-based offering. It can be slow. Even with a fast connection, web-based applications can sometimes be slower than accessing a similar software program in your desktop PC. That is because you have to pay the network penalty to reach this application. Everything about the program, from the interface to the current document, has to be sent back and forth between the computers in the cloud. If the cloud servers happen to be backed up at that moment, or if the Internet is having a low slow day, you cannot be get instantaneous access from desktop applications. Stored data might not be secured. With cloud computing, all your data on the cloud. I mean, most probably they are secure, but you have to trust somebody else with that. Therefore, how can you trust somebody with confidential data is the question here. Stored data can be theoretically lost. For example, if you lose your password, now you don't have this data. Or if you don't have physical or local backups, sometimes things may get bad. Because let's say somebody access your account, deletes your data, what do you do after that? So data can be lost definitely. HPC systems. It's not clear that you can compute-intensive HPC applications. So you cannot really say, "Oh, I have a high workload, I'm going to write it right now on the cloud." You really need to have all these resources pre-scheduled. But if you have a piece of [inaudible] home with a VDI graphic processing unit with advanced GPUs, you can really do that in your system. Nowadays though, to be honest, the more expensive systems are moving to the cloud, like [NOISE] types of applications on Google Cloud are super fast, so you don't really need to have specialized hardware on your system. Of course, scheduling can be tricky because now you have to schedule your really high-performance workload, and you have to wait the other resources to be freed so that you are able to do that. In general concerns, each cloud system uses different protocols, different APIs, may not be possible to run applications between cloud based systems. Amazon has created its own database system, not SQL 92, and workflow system, or this is called Aurora. Now, you may not have backward and forward compatibility.