So let us discuss today about virtualization and virtual machines. Virtualizations. You cannot physically touch the Cloud server machines. Hardware can and frequently will change. To avoid dependency on specific hardware, you generally write your server program to run on virtual machines. So virtualization is a momentum that has been started about 15 years ago. More and more people are seeing value in terms of virtualization hardware so they don't have to really work with actual hardware. They don't have to connect cables, they don't have to set up machines and so forth. There other things you can set up is virtualized virtual machines which is easily replaced because the only thing that a virtual machine really needs is a baseline operating system and a host operating system. So let's now see the stack, the Cloud Stack. So the infrastructure itself is the hardware, either the data centers that host the Cloud. On top of it, you have some virtualization virtual machine monitor or a hypervisor. Then, on top of that, you create virtual machines which have the operating system like Ubuntu or Windows and so forth. Then, you build Cloud services that run these virtual machines. Then, the Software-as-a-Service is you build the Cloud applications that level as those services that have been built on top of operating system that runs on top of a virtual machine. So virtual workspaces is an abstraction of an execution environment that can be made dynamically available to authorized clients by using well-defined protocols. The resource quota can be CPU, memory cell, or network cell and so forth. You can have software configurations like operating systems or provided services. So this is the visualized stack. You have the hardware. You have the hypervisor that manages the interactions between the virtual machine and the hardware and on top of it, a virtual machine has an operating system and an application. To implement on which the machine's virtualization, you need abstraction of physical host machine. So you don't really need to configure how do you connect the cables. Hypervisor intercepts and emulates instructions from virtual machines and allows management of virtual machines. So the hypervisor does the allocation between the hardware resources and the virtualized resources without the service or the application having to know about that. There are different variations of hypervisors like VMWare, Xen, etc. Virtualization provides infrastructure APIs like plug-ins to hardware to support structures. So this is a virtual machine hypervisor as you can see here. You're going to have different virtual machines and each of the virtual machine can run a guest operating system, which can be anything from Linux to BSD to Windows. On top of that, people run their own applications. So virtual machine technology allows multiple virtual machines to run on a single physical machine. As we said, the hypervisor can be Xen, VMWare, UML, Denali, etc., and the performance. Para-virtualization, like I said, is very close to raw physical performance. That means that the performance you get inside a virtual machine will match the performance you get with the physical machine. It's not going to be the same. There will still be overhead, there will still be some penalty. But more than hardware like Intel processors, they do have capabilities to slice and dice the resources on how you allocate them to virtual machines. Same with operating systems. They do have modern instructions that allow for virtualized environment to run really, really high performance. The reason they do that is because to be honest, most of the purchases right now, processors and drives and machines are run by big Cloud vendors because they want to deploy largest and more geographically distributed Cloud computing infrastructures.