 Good idea. So what we need to do is to compute the norm, the expectation of the error squared, which is this. And we add this term which is solubilization Gamma times w squared. Now, from here to here, we do this because we didn't have the distribution of x and y, and then we change it by a sample average. Alright? And then w squared is equal to I suppose w. Alright? So, alright, and then let's, let's develop this thing that's 1 over n times the sum of w transpose x and x transpose w plus y squared minus two w transpose x and y gamma w transpose w. So basically, it's the same that you have in the slides. But we have this additional term right here. I need a parentheses. Now, I have to minimize this with respect to Galileo. So minimize, minimize with respect to w, which is equal to minimize with respect to w. This thing, which is equal to minimize with respect to W, one over n sigma, or the sum of w transpose x and x transpose w minus two w transpose x and y plus gamma w transpose. I want to know how basically I take this out because it doesn't contain y. Right? Now, I compute the derivative stuff. We have to compute the degree, the gradient. The gradient of this expression, 1 over n Sigma w transpose x and x transpose w e to the x and y m by n. I forgot to add n here, said plus Gamma transpose w. And this, and this way and I have two equally interesting. And then this gradient is equal to the sum of gradients side. And this is equal to this lesson. You order one over n sigma of x n, x n, as opposed to saying 1 w. That is that the gradient of this expression with respect to w minus two takeaways here is x n. And then the gradient of this norm is gamma w, gamma w. This must be 0. But let me rewrite it a little bit. And this summation is for all values of n. Now, this expression, this summation, we can change it by a matrix expression. So we can say x, x transpose w minus x, y plus Gamma w equal to 0. Understood? Yes, they do. I simplify it. And so now let me erase this. This is a, this is being recorded. So I, Canada is now here. What I need is this one. So x, what I'm going to do is first compute x, x transpose w plus w should be equal to x, y. I see, yeah. And then so what happens is that I have to take a common factor of here and here, right? Yeah, I got you from here, but this is a matrix. So I cannot. But if I do this trade, things work because now I have a matrix of d times d dimensions. And here I put a matrix of the 1000 dimensions. This is the dimensions too. Now I have two matrices here with the same dimensions and I can take common factor. And then I have x, x transpose plus gamma i w equal to x y. I'm finally, if I pre-multiply by the inverse on both sides, I have w equal to x, x transpose plus Gamma. I. Add some other way to 85 x y. That's, it. Looks great. So real quick that trick you did with adding that I want exact, please go out on there. Well, here I have a matrix that, hey, this is the pines, the right. I mentioned z times one, right? Yeah. And so this is I mentioned v times one, but this is I mentioned one times one. It's a scalar. Okay? I can take common factor because I will be multiply a matrix by a scalar. Okay? All right, So, but then w is equal to I. Wo, write the identity matrix times the module, it's w. Okay? Right? And so now if they, if this matrix, if this vector is d times 1, this matrix must be the density. And now I have two matrices are the same dimensions and I can take common factor. Okay? So you're just using the identity matrix in there and then you're able to take the common factor, okay? All right, right. Lu Xun, you have a matrix plus a scalar. This is not possible. You cannot add two matrices with different dimensions. And in particular, even at that matrix and a scalar, it doesn't work. Any DO prominent this in MATLAB. Matlab will do it already. In, in Python. It will do it. But what they do is to populate gamma. So it will construct a matrix full of gammas. And this will not work because we are using a matrix here different than the entity. Matlab will use here a matrix of ones by default. And it's on the way. The algorithm want crush. But it really won't be correct because it's a big Come on its own. One of the common mistakes, right, to write down an expression that doesn't have an identity in your program and MATLAB itself crushing because it says a unidimensional here. What it does is to put the matrix of ones. Matrix of what is an, a medical advice. Identity is not the same, right? Okay? That somebody takes all at once. It's not w it's something else. Gotcha. Okay. So for the actual homework submission, yeah, it's a little vague on where. It just says kinda prove, prove this. Do you want just like this? Do that. Just that. Okay. No, like MATLAB or anything. Just that. Okay. Sounds good. It's approve. It's, it's it's it's an algebraic proof. Okay, yeah, I just, I just wanted to make sure what what you are looking for there. Because it said like a paper. So I was like, okay, I'm not exactly sure, but okay. Cool. Yeah. No, I really appreciate it, sir. Like that's that's fantastic. And then I, I didn't know that trick about the identity matrix. So that's, that's pretty cool. And now I'm pumped for the most important thing is that we are taking the expectation. If not, it doesn't work, right? Well, then you can compute everything and thank the expectation at the end. But it's not EBI then it's not no, I gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I see what you're saying. And I mean, because I got almost that similar answer. It was just I didn't have I in there and like, I didn't know where that came from. And so I was like, Okay, well, it's close. I guess I'll just ask him about it, you know, but yeah, that's cool. Thank you. What is the next question? Killer and warn you, yogurt or can I ask another one? Are you all have anything? What's going to go back to the task for Mexican 32, right. I'm not sure if you're tackle that one there. Ready to go? I was going to go back on that one from what we started on Monday. So right now I don't have MATLAB over here because I'm using my might work PC. But I sent you a piece of code, the professor. And it's basically, you gave to us for task for a different way to generate the data. We saw on Monday that we could generate data with the simple way that we hadn't picked three and Task 3. But then we had a different piece of code to generate the data. Within generating Squires rate. When they just sent me yesterday. Yesterday. So I was generating them the data with the code that you provided. Yeah. But then my question is, it doesn't seem that I'm getting the expected vector to have useful data for the exercise, right? The split them into blame or anything. Because reading code for me is almost, let's say we had this function and this is the function that is provided to us. Yeah. So this is the only thing that I'm doing. Instead of generating data with the function that we had on Monday, I'm using this other function. Okay? Yes. And what is AI? So when I generate data with this with the code that you provided for tax has four, I don't seem to get any data that can be leaner separated. Right. Kathy classified. I don't know. Let me just okay. I'm going to stop video on the phone away. Otherwise, it's impossible for me to work with this. So let's call this data to write and save. And so we have x, y. So I'm going to share screen. So you can see what I'm doing. So, and let's put one hand. And Sigma squared 0.1 for example. And we have these samples and sell this data. It has limits seeing this data. Actually it has 10 dimensions. It's, it's, it's for an example with ten I mentioned, you cannot use it for representation. All right, So this is t Point tool is, you cannot represent this data. You can use that for the experiment where we compute the empirical risk and the risk difference. Right? Okay. So for this one, you're really not requesting us to represent anything. In order to separate them with a STEMI the attains at ten by one hundred, one hundred dimensions and then you will have different graph. It's even more interest than the error tends to 0. All right? So if this is the question I asked for, I don't know if you need further clarification. So other than that, do do you expect There's that we plot the error as you have them, the ground as you hadn't. Example as notes. Yes. So and then here we had an example computation to compute it like dumped by teaches us 10, 10 dimensions instead of two dimensions, things work but the graph is not apparent because the maximum, having terrible name because I mentioned that reaches 32 dimensions and here it's 11, right? And if you change the dams by one, and that's the maximum by whatever I guess then I shown is 101. And then you have a different graph, but you can still need to credit side. The only thing I don't know if the others and if I need to do that, okay, I can, I can get the mean, the error by the mean, but I am not able to, to create the best way u4 to give me the error ongoing throughout the indices, right? Or do it the way a lot, or I don't need to plot that. I didn't understand the question, The error. So, you know that graph that goes and the error that we have on the class, right? Do I need to represent that graphical form with this error message? The error that we have where on the on the class notes we had a graphic with yes. Wages term. We need to represent this. Yes. That's the only thing that I'm not getting into. I know how to represent that with the square loss in creating to go with them. I don't use this quite a lot. And yeah, I know. Let me share the screen again. And and so we I gave you this. Alright, and the empirical risk is computed like that. The actual races competitor like that, It's easy. Why don't you I understand why you don't have, You cannot do that. Why you cannot do that? Now, entering into the plot, right, as we had on the, on the class notes. But I'm not getting in there. I know how to use the function yet. What what did you get? I need to know whether you get renewed show me or something like that. The guy don't have MATLAB over here. The only thing is telling you that I know how to do that because I've seen in the past lot to do with the square loss and create the indices between my y vector. Yeah, Because it's the same problem. Forget about the school as we're computing the risk. Alright? Alright, so effectively scrape, get quite work. So what we need to do is compute an expression. So I'm good. I'm an approximation to the empirical error as a function of C. That will decrease. Then they will first decrease and then equaling place on the central atom. So this is our, this is the empirical error, and this is this total distance. Okay? What is our r we computed as the expectation of the test, the test error. Let me write it correctly. Test error rate. As a function of z. The biggest risk is the expectation of the training error rate as a function of C. And they, they start, our risk is equal to the actual rate minus the empirical risk. All right. So far it is understood. Yes. Number, how do I, how do I, how do you compute the empirical error? So first, what is the test error rate? On my pension assets? And they might not code of hay indicate make the indicatrix. Y is different from y hat, which is the estimation. This is exactly what I wrote in MATLAB rights and the mean of y not equal to y. I don't remember exactly. Right, but this equal to this in MATLAB. Now, the same for the test, for the tracking, right? So what is the experiment knew how to do. So you choose, choose c between ten to the minus 2, one, for example, or 10 when I choose a value of c. And then do an experiment or train, train this SVM. All right, then do a tennis training data, the training data. And then compute the training error, right? As the mean of y minus y naught not equal to y. Then poor. When the data was not previously. Used, the train. And then compute the test error rate. Do this many times for the same video of C. And then other ace, the test data, training error rate and the death rate. Many times, I may do it 100 times and see what effect. For a given value of C, you will have the training error and the test error, the average of the training and then change the value of c and cerebellum. And then you will get this radically. Yeah. Okay, So fly this. But forget about the day. While I think, right, Squared Error, forget it. We are looking for the test and the training error rate. When a mute professor, we can't hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah. I can hear you are and I just can't. Somehow you entered a new professor because somebody is going to be back. Okay. All right, hello. Okay, satisfied with us. And then we talk. Alright, and I will find my example. I will show it to you. How do I do that is exactly this. Notice that the order is clear. It is piano. So try it. Let me know. Can I ask a quick question? It those results that we were just talking about, should they be my my sense was that they wouldn't be it wouldn't be sensitive to the choice of the Sigma. But when I was doing it, I kinda got some sensitivity to my particular choice of sigma. Yes, of course. Yes. Okay. So if you try different values of sigma, you will have different graphs. Okay, That confused me a little bit because I thought the data was being generated so that, you know, that, that sort of cubical structure we were thinking about in the data gets into when we change sigma it also, it also control the distance of the points from each other, right? Yes. So my expectation was that as I change sigma, the whole thing just got scaled. You know? Yes, exactly. In this case, it doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter. If you increase sigma, then they scale. The problem is scale and so the result is the same. That's what I thought. Yeah, So so then I thought, well maybe I'm misunderstanding because it is a tri difference, different sigma values. I was getting some notable qualitative changes. Okay, so maybe I'm doing something wrong and I'll check on that okay. Already. Or maybe my maybe my Descriptive wrong and I had to change it. I own. All right. I understand. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I'll look into it like an alpha. Alpha and the I don't know why I could not find that there is some I have something wrong with the file for the files here, and I cannot find the example. I showed it in my class. And they may other class a couple of times and I don't understand why I can't now. Right. I'll show it and with a particular parameters that they chose, which are the ones that are in the homework. It works. Thanks question then. So at least what I've seen is if we increase the, of course, the sigma value to a certain point and then we will mix all the points together, right? And we're not going to be able to separate limb logically through them now are now in principle it's down and up and because their preliminary scale. But if you experience that, then that means that the, that what my intention was good, but the program is wrong. All right. So just to stick to a bailee of sigma, because this is not what matters. My appearance of C. Wright different values of C. Okay. So the last question I had and I read the syllabus and I know it said so we have these specific due dates, right? And it says you won't grade late homework and that's totally fine. I get that. I know we can resubmit all of our work. I just wanted to ask and double-check on those those actual deadlines. Like if something is due on Sunday, does it absolutely need to be done by Sunday or for this online class? Does it really matter? Or I just want to clarify on that. The thing is that they do not enforce. The submission on time. All right. Okay. If I do, I always have people asking me for exceptions. All right. So if you cannot submit on time, just do it late. It doesn't have it doesn't matter if somebody systematically submits everything at the end of the class and it gives me a hard time to grade and everything then I will penalize is arrived. But if I gotcha. Okay. Yeah, That's that's definitely definitely is not my intention. I was just I was just thinking like, well, sometimes like with with the last homework. And I know you're out of town so it would have been like I just turn something in so that like eat so that like I satisfied the deadline right. And then I could resubmit. But I was like, well, it probably would be better just to talk to him The very next day on Monday in office hours and then submit quality work instead of just submitting something so that I could resubmit later. So but if it if it's fine, if it's like a day or two late, if that doesn't really matter, then yeah, that's that's fantastic. I'm definitely not going to like wait to the end to submit all of it. Right? Yeah. Perfect. That because this is the case. It's it's good enough for me. All right. Okay. Sounds good. So that's that's I appreciate that answer and that's it for my questions. So anyway, sorry, thank you for your time and you have a great Thanksgiving. And the alarm in World War II, I'll take care. Have a great Thanksgiving as well. Have a good day. You too. I think I've found it. Give me, give me a second because I think I've found the example. So let me say, I used to love to see you back in town here in Albuquerque. Okay. Dammit, it's not I don't know what happens. Now. It's these are the examples but how the homework, let me, let me just one more. Try again. Tomorrow. Could be in laboratory chapter on but it doesn't work because by chance something that just change something. Chapter 12. Okay, I give up. I give, I believe I will illustrate it here. It is. This thing was this is one. I'm running one. Let me see what line 12 that works. And I miss 11 thing. So maybe I just erased the advice. I raised advice here. No. No. No. It's missing. Oh, yeah. I found on the Internet some people name the software same way as I did. I do, but okay, it's missing. I will need to redo it. Which is annoying. But anyways, okay, I'll redo sense and probably I have mock-ups. Well, post-war ideal happen. I do. So I'll do it for you. All right, so example would be useful. Yeah, the bigger is really just one and another and another. Basically your online class. Because it might be the case that I changed that module to nano way. Okay, Now, it's not here. I don't know. Somebody's examples. Sorry about that. Okay. Next Wednesday. Next Wednesday. And I don't think I have any others. It was useful to hear those other questions from the other people. Did you have some other stuff you want to do? This is as far as I got over there to the next okay. Alright. Had to heavy clarify on that topic. So try again. We talk Monday. And so if, if you don't succeed to two though the homework, we will day together. All right. Appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks for the time. Thank you. Good Thanksgiving. Thank you. You too. All right. So lastName along. First of all, I think.