 Mm-hm. Mm-hm. Or interrupt me so I can start our class today in the afternoon, everyone, this is of course, all these data you've lived through. The other ones look like nature and the University of New Mexico. So today, yet the main content today about the review of the midterm exam, though I love was that goes to what the contents we learned aids first half of the semester and yet actually related to the middle term exam here. And then I went from time, fought the explanation about the homework 1 and homework 2 there. Okay. So yeah, let's just start here. Yeah, this is the reveal of them made from example, write the exam. So yeah, actually I wrote today you can also find the gain in the lectures and get, I will go through with you in this class. You can practice on for classing them more in keeping mad. Yeah. The first Docklands and online about when earnings, the first lecture about the performance, including some metrics. Like some enhancement technologies. We're introduced saying that first lecture. Yeah, that's what this size I will also, yeah, I sing, I can't upload this strides to the system to for your review after this class to it. I also record those close to us that the fertilized about. We know what the factors that can affect the execution pattern, right? So yeah, the equation now about the execution time, we know that that instructional account in also the CPI that is cloud or no. Yeah, that is the OS API, right? The clock per instruction. That's sterilized about the clock period. Well, it's not quite.com, right? So yeah, in the current period o clock cycle is the time between the rising edges of the replicative clock signal. It also always need nothing I'm increasing the clock frequency will increase of the work that the system can accomplish per unit time. So for example, if you look at, as we introduce your eye, if you're new again, the aspect of that CPU execution time. Yeah, You have this three factors which will affect that, that CPU execution time. Yes, it's especially important in calculating the speed up compared to computing system is waste. Waste thought that a husband in the layer. So the clubs that goes hand and the average number of clock cycles per instruction. Yeah, that is your CPI finding analysis, the instruction count, yes, we introduced so far about this factors that can affect that the execution time of the computing system, yeah, actually decrease. Long of them may need to hit that increase in other two. So this ad that HOW TO can't get the execution time here. Said that way. We know there are some challenges out that performance enhancement, right? So, so as we mentioned, that they have that effect on each other, right. So if you've tried to reduce like the cog psych, what's man, in order to increase their clubs? Pregnancy, right? Actually has a power consumption will increase. Yeah. In the practice, in the homework, I'm sure you do it. The performance, Yeah, so the average construction calculation for that system and also the memory operation is Mandler time that our Cloud pure rate. And it will sometimes cause the memory will a problem with showing. So the memory. That is, that the memory as the relatively slower than the CPU. And also the CPU will wait for the data or the instructions from the memory, right? That's why when Nerd. So the rate that the reduction of the instruction will also new to your more comprehensive instruction, especially on the multi-issue processors. Legs, while we measure about I damnatio per spawner SIMD processors. So there might be some problems that have been introduced before, like to induce thereby reducing the cycle per instruction. Yeah, we're in this operations. So techniques like the instruction pipeline, we introduced a Shopee. I use it to address issues here. I flipped that performance enhancement. So yeah, if you demonstrate how you can speed up the performance when comparing two systems, actually, we use some examples to show you how to calculate the speed up, right? So as yeah, and there's pieces here, for example, the case well here, the speed of the computer a, yeah, yeah, over the computer B here. That can be compute, yeah, actually calculate T with bad performance execution time, right? And similarly, the speed at which you have the due to the enhancement techniques can be also calculated by the execution times before, in, after using summing husband techniques as indicated here. Or it can be calculated by the original execution time and also the Ahaz execution time. So this, as I keep on ways to speed up weight compared to computing computers, all computing systems. These are performance, does time, right? So there's other ways to speed up. Yeah, then I will also show another example here to, to show the show was more details about the speed up, right? Where we use fracturing e-health program and also the factors that has a machine, right? And how you can calculate the R-squared of this. We say that the program now ways that HashMap or not in the computer. So this act. So when we're talking about the performance meet up, yeah, we introduced a won the war that is abnormal or slower for the performance or the speed of calculation, right? So let's draw out your performance in that can be often by improving some portion of the computer. Yeah. That can be calculated using the The US law here. Yeah. This law states that the performance improvements to be gained in a has to computer. Yeah, actually, from using some faster mode for the exclusion is limited by the fraction of the time that the Foster model can be used to write. So to simply understand this law that actually speed up here, the paradigms like such kind of approaches were introduced later. Yeah, That is why that component of an application, this application can now being passed actually is always located to the sequential component. So that is our web in limited by that component. So this SLO defines that the speed that we can gain actually by using a particular future or the computing system. So what is the speed? Actually this we're in that according to as m dot has slow here. Yeah, thus be out as the ratio of the performance of that until task, but by using the hash much, Yeah, Why it is possible at the performance oughta Intel with husk ways value using the Hansberry, right? So the performance of that flask is reciprocal, actually the multiplicative inverse, right? To the exclusion of family. And so the speed can be, yeah, Catherine will be a ratio of the execution time of the unthought Haskell with data using say has my now. So the execution time for the task by using the enhancement. Yes, it is possible. So that is that your candidate, according to Amdahl's law here, to speed up. So this law gives us a quick way to find the speed up. Yeah, front summing husband, guy is actually depend on two factors. The first one, the a fraction of the computing time, the original computer, yeah, without as much technology. So it can be converted to tip about Egypt by Hackman, for example. As was shown before. Yeah, if there were 27 of the execution time of the programs that I can't take 60 seconds in the end Toto that can use a husband. So the fraction should be 20 divided 60, right? So this, we'll call it fracturing has to buy the sum, sum husband technology here. So it is always less than or equal to one. So the signal that the improvement that can be obtained by the ETE has to execution mode. Actually, that is the how much foster the task. But after a has a modal were used for the intel program. So this manually is the time of the original modal over the time of the in-class model. But if the, it has a modal, takes for laxness a 2 second the bottom portion of the program. Well, I will take segment in the original model, right? So the improvement, that might be a five by two. So we will call this venue actually always greater than what, right? This is the ink has speed up some things here. The execution time where I've used the original comp you wrote with the ink has a motto that will be the times by using the hash portion locked computer class. No time, thus been to using Hackman. So the, all the rows of the computing system or can be the ratio of the of the execution timeline CrashPlan and a transplant here at the equation here. So if you'll note the performance can be, yeah, unlimited, passed away. I know they hazmat factor asking this equation tends to infinity. Yeah, That means there are a lot of resources that you can use to enhance your performance. Result that limitation. So how it will be? Yeah, we can get the maximum speed out here. Yeah, in case that the exclusion a system can be as fast and that by the maximum speed up, right? So sometimes we will say that if you have the unlimited resources that support your computation, yeah, how the speed up you can give. You can often, yet not admits that he has my factor tends to infinity. So you will use this equation. In that case. There might be one. All right? Yes, the HMO Q for this equation here. So he's done the performance strive for the computing system actually also concerned about the power and the energy for that in the design or in the optimization that computing systems, right? So by putting on the match itself, the profile to the power e and also cost or what we sometimes call it the price, right? Put them together. We first have to have done the power and the energy of the system in the first lecture. So as when none there, the energy and the power at two distinct matrics to me as a system, right? The energy is measured in two owners, always to Azure consumption. And the Azure per task is enter metrics for the next amendment of that system efficiency. So it is related to the battery life is a personal about devices, for example, right? So as it comes up yet, is not highly related to the resource cost. So if laying in order to reduce the energy, that is to reduce appeals fun accompany a dye that is the abs, your consumption here. So that means how many resources you will cause during your computation, right? At a time management all the operations in a computing system. So, yeah, in order to distinguish space to, to make a simple understanding bad, if, you know, for example, if one processor a will consume lag 2 times the power as process or be it a concave the stem, again, the force of the time, right? So there is that two times yj in the energy efficiency, right? So that is that difference by the algae and also soft power for DA or when you marrying their computing system here. So early. Yeah, Even they have differences about the power and energy here. Yeah, we do care both of them, including the power and energy of the computing, right? So it is necessary to get the powering these die of the computing system yet then make some optimization, right? So there are some get somebody's, I'm powers that are defined to, to say how many power or the energy that will be consuming the system. And also. That is the definition about the maximum of the hips generated by the computer tube or the component in the computing system, often refer to it as the GPU or the system on chip. So in this defined here, Yeah, You will let you know where you are doing that too. How do know some approaches to optimize the energy or the power, or what came out. What's a way you can IQ score, right? For the optimization. So basis though. Some, so we'll talk about the power in somebody's, I'm power here. Yet. For the Azure consumption, here we make a good example, say most chips right here. Yeah, the traditional primary adage construction that has been left to me to be used in the switching transistors and also the club in we also call them that dynamic, how allergy, right? For the average. So in the opposite Bayes law about that it is already yeah. About the current leakage through the end percentage has these tours, as we are told, that the dynamic energy required per transistor is proportional to the product out that capacitive. And also the voltage here, right? So the dynein energy of the single logic transistor, yeah, as flawed logic, transition speaker I during the operation in the power required for transistor is just the product of the excess energy of the transition, multiplied it by the frequency of the triceps to transitions. So sometimes a face or task that should be executing the computing system, right? If we slow the clock rate, that can reduce their power from another energy because the time or the execution time will be increased, right? So it is clear that the power of the energy, Yeah, Originally reduced by lowering the body. So bodies you have dropped from like five to just under one. Yeah, I doubt. I'll start to need years to reduce. Show that the algae and the dynamic power. So x j for the optimization a computer architecture design, the positive. The capacitance. Capacitive load is a function of the number of transistors that is connected to an opcode and also the technology. So it determines the capacitance of the wells and the transistors. So that is the one lags the hardware design to determine the capacity of a pink relational algebra here. So yeah, I thought the sum of the observations are off the power or the development. All we can say that the optimization for the power ends up posture years. I shall, we can't have the observation here that the alarming power As NINR to relate it to the grid and also that competitiveness thought it is a controversy grew related to that bondage, right? On the other side, the static power is related to the naked eye, can change into a voltage. So there is another angle, we call it the door not scaling now implied the capacitance of the wives and their transistors and also the bondage of each transistor. Yeah, it'll scale them as density and a frequency goes up, right? They're from over the nations. Fonda grows off the call rate of the microprocessor, seeing how the effect that the dynamic power in the next two examples for different computing executes your scheme. In the file, we can reduce the power, energy in both these eye off the computing system. They actually distributing the power, removing the hate, and also preventing extra horsepower on the cheap. They have become increasingly difficult challenges during the computer architecture design. So, yeah, the power is now the major constant to go actually to use the transistors. So Asia parts to it. It was I row silicon array. Therefore, the mode and microprocessors, they can offer many techniques to try to improve the energy efficiency. Yeah, Despite the flag rage and that yet constants the play bodies for that system. Some approaches that nothing we are nowadays to turn off the clock. I'll put some modules to save the energy and also is basically the dynamic power. A dynamic at another approach put that dBFS were caught that dynamic voltage threaten discounting. Yet as also a vector of weight in the others, Let's design flow typical case that is a specific design for the dedicated applications authenticated or computing systems. In Azar selects the overcoming now also used for the energy and the power optimization. So before that and not scaling a new technique node that could enable a lower voltage. However, slowing the threatens a jury, the operation will reduce the power. About 800 need choose the lower bodies. Yeah, definitely will affect the excusing performance dummies and it will restart a longer time or execution time, right? So, so how the pyrin, as you can be produced, can be effectively re-use. Yet among this dV FSAs, one of the most effective ways that pounds there, okay, phone formulation about how to calculate the power and the entity, right? So some devices, it's better for the, you know, the more personable about the biases, laptops and even some servers, they have the pure rid off an adult activity. In this null or activities to it. There is no need to operate at the highest analog clock frequency and also the highest voltages. So download and micro processors, they can offer of field plot pregnancies and also the typical levels of the voltages. In this leveled up the frequency and voltages. They can operate tasks by using lower poet energy, just a specific flipped their requirements from that hospital or the walk nodes, right? So let's feel like you're actually shoot the potential power saving by the dBFS. So far as workload sharings for this different clock rates. So the overall sum of power-saving is about like two, from 10 percent to 15 percent for each of the two aspects. That is the result to show how effective a dBFS can walk aids optimization of fascia at the power, right? So addition, there, there are other ways for the yeah. For reducing the power and the energy. Lack the clock gating. Gating and the high will accelerate right? At the final, well maybe the change states that as we talk before. So these asked Tom odds are ways age-specific cases when necessary, right? So after that, we'll also introduce another way to, to for the medium and dark container service in the computing system. Now we're caught up, meantime to failure, right? At this moment at the about the module rule out Betty. Yeah, we can put that as a mayor of that container surveys from the reference initial instant, right? Therefore, this mean time to failure as that went up and it didn't matter. So yeah. The average amount of time yeah. Focused on non-repairable operation system before it fails, right. So because the MTTF, the mean time to failure S rather than only two for the acid of the equipment that cannot or should not be repaired. So it is the also be thought of as the average lifespan of the computing system. So it's the best everywhere, you know, the Mean Time to Live is a dance off the time. That implies o as the product, is it bad To lost during the operation, right? The IEEE is a one of the many ways to evaluate the reliability of the pieces out the hardware or the technologies AI system. So this has some examples to show how the meantime to lie, meantime to failure can be related to the phenol red that a calculator by da, da, us. Some assumptions in the cases, right? So there are some cases about how to Canada and TDI. It you have one question. Homework 2 for the calculation, right? So this is a good practice to know the reliability of the system mean how to candidate. Yeah. There are some PSA, sir, about the meantime too, sooner. Sometimes they have let dependence or are they dependent? In other cases, they are dependent modules. Yeah, they, they will not affect HRs are if some of them fail, right? So there are different cases for the calculation here. Yeah, You already know that and make more practice so we'll be there. So that ends this lecture. We looked at the memory hierarchy design, right? So for the first window, the basics of the memory hierarchy. And yeah, there is one important part about that. Big cash D assign it also the average memory access time nowadays to you that is used to measure the performance of the cache memory. These, I write some, yeah. Yeah. Actually it in the hierarchy design of the memory, right? There are some basics for them. For example, at the k design gestation is actually with blogs out there. Nice. Can you place the test right? Some techniques support that. Blocks where they can paste it into cash or the cash management. 10 of them all we can see that the most populous, game-based I brought the set associative, right? So Jane, this approach does that is a group of the blocks in the cache right at the blog. First and mapped onto a set and then the block can be placed anywhere within that. So that is the way to set associative yeah. Among this also not that is a fully associative or two-way associative that asked on specific cases all of this approach. Yeah, MFA, tangent data that is only red is the read operation to the cash is easy. Those things, you know, the Cobain's a candidate, a memory will be at enable. So carriage rides. Yeah. This might be much more difficult. For example, how can the clubbing, the cache memory can be, they can be kept consistent, right? So there are two main strategies. A write-through cache or, and the rest you to the main memory. So focused on what the rubber cash only audits are called the cache when the block is going to replace or right. It is a cognate. Keep the memory. The amount that's something that I was 12, I read back over what can be used during design, the tensions between so Canada at the memory, I will show you lost your slides about the read buffer that can be used to inculcation, optimization or the used memory hierarchy. So, well, I told you about the operations or the optimization with about the cash. A Jewish person know. Yeah, we need to mention about the cash. Nice, poor, we tried to access the data in the cache. So for that cache, miss, actually there are different cache organization or they are. We just called the STC here, right? The complimentary, the capacity, the conflict. So yeah, this is one of the main benefits off before the cache organization as the cache miss rate. So misread a simply the fraction of the cash axis that has rethought aids a miss, right? The Malmo of the axes bad miss divided by some nice optic axis. So they can divide and they can be divided into three single kid is your race including the compulsory capacity, the conflict. So they have different reasons how the Kashmir will occur. And yet, due to the specific reasons lacks the capacity that they can't, capacity of misuse. That's sometimes a worker or they always occur because of the blocks be discarded and later retrieved. That do to the capacity of the cache is self. Focus them on that sort of armed conflict. That is that bought Da, ist da noch punishment. The strategy is not fully associative, actually had the conflict and cache miss will occur because of block may be discarded and later retrieved it if multiple blocks are mapped to it's fed and also access to the different blobs are intermingled, right? So that it will cause the conflict and Kashmir. So you only can measure the performance of the cache. Write. A better way is to use the average memory access time as shown here. That is calculated is advised. Summation of the heat on the product of the miss rate is high. The weather here, time is the time to hit in the cache enemies Pwnie, that is the time to replace the block from the memory. So that is the cost of the myths, right? So yeah, with the increasing size of the blocks, actuate the miss penalty. Yeah, it won't factor. Average memory access time will increase two. Therefore, the cache miss rate, uh, kinda sad as that effect you may have for the memory performance. So As thumb when we talk about da, da, da, block size here. And then one way to optimize the average access time, actually, it is to reduce the patient misses. So first of all, at best three main types, as mentioned before, there are three states here. Now. Yeah, The main types of Topaz, nice. And also you need to know the reasons in how they are. Yeah, how s3 stay in cache optimization. So actually, according to the reasons about the Lexus, really say here, we can do the following to mitigate those three types off the patient, Mrs. Khan, of the courses of each cache miss types specifically. For example, the first one, compulsory cache misses can be decreased with larger block size, right? And the accompanying cache misses can be decreased it by using the set associative approach. And another one, the capacity cans from, he says, can be decreased by designing the larger caches. Yeah, zoster, according, based on their results to cause a space here. So basically it's very important to note that's races in holiday will occur. And how we can, what approaches we can use. All we can deploy to reduce this specific types of the cash basis. Okay? So as I always liked, the average memory access, access time, hearing aid can also be reduced by lecture using the miss penalty, right? So yeah, this ask some ways also to reduce them is alley here. You put in a note. So the next one might be a nice way to actual related to the no commiserate and also for global history, right? Yeah. For example, for the logo is true and the second level cache, the landmass, Macy's, divided by the number of axis is true that a particular cache, second level cache, right? So the local misread is often paid no for the thin level because you are the first level cache can handle most of the axises. And then a level patches only accessed a one. The first level cache misses, right? Well, for the global miss rate, the number of masses divided by the total number of memory access not are generated by the processor in full. That's the first level case, that global I mean grade II course, the local miss rate and fluid the center level cache, global miss rate. Because the local misread of the first level cache times by the local miss rate of the second level. So these are the ways, how could, how to calculate the global me straight and local minister at a one way doing so data access to the memory analysis or the first level cache. Second level cache here. So the way to calculate, you also do the homework here related to the global and the local me straight here. So there are some techniques that can reduce the miss rate, right? So the first U1 ship it, the larger block size to reduce some nice grade. And these are the details how we can't use the larger blocks and the summary. Today, we then say that the simulation wisdom to show that it's effective to use the larger blocks to reduce the miss rate here, right? Also this out thankfully sought to use a larger cache to reduce the miss rate and the high associativity to reduce the miss rate, right? And also we can use multiple caches to reduce the miss rate. Yet I saw some exam or to show where it's a multiple level caches can reduce the miss rate used to indicate optimization here. And also, in addition to that, there are approaches like to give the priority to the randomizes over the rights. Yet in order to reduce the miss penalty, right, that means you can reduce a weird term for the access to the memory or to access data. Your knees into your band. You can also avoid the address translation during the indexing of the past to reduce their bodies, the Warwick use Nexo virtual dress as we're measuring before, right? So yeah, there's our approach is we can use to optimization south of cash and also the memory hierarchy design for the central plan. Our bottleneck heirarchy design of the mammary, including the diversity of the thigh and also the optimistic nation approaches for that data, access to the cache. And as well the management or the equations to like to calculate the average memory access time. The global misread, the local me, stories that are, or the width to measures of performance. And based on that, we can know how or what kind of ways we can use to optimize specific to the different reasons, right? So this two part including, so first I will introduce about the performance yet the energy power. In the first lecture. They are important here is that of the computer architecture. Yeah, Also the main content for our first of two lectures. Yeah. About the right offers, as mentioned before. And the sides right at how the red buffers can be used to improve their memory performance during the hair up a design, actually not. The right buffers used are here. Yeah, it is used to store the rights. These rights I need to go to the next level of the memory hierarchy, right? Nasa has arisen all the perverse way gears though, right, buffers in the memory hierarchy. So the write buffers yet about ASWB shown here. It allows the processor, yeah, in case in the case of the right soon. Yeah, it allows the processor to continue executing as long as the write buffer as not fool here. So the write buffers could be used in some cases, right? Like the first one. It can be used betweens up happening in the first level cache. It can be used to between the personal level and also the memory at the federal level cache. And also they can use to begin your allows the operation to be priority over the whites operations. In the case of the red bag, the red buffers can exist. Actually, we can see anywhere in memory hierarchy. So you, Yeah, I thought the purpose is to store the rise that need to go to the next level of the memory hierarchy in case that the data cannot be stored at the first level or the second. So, and it can be inserted or it can exist anywhere in the memory hierarchy to improve the, yeah, actually to improve the performance of them are memory hierarchy by reducing the cache miss or the axis me steroids or Theta axis. So not out the main about the write buffer. The reason why we use the write buffer and how it can walk on the memory hierarchy. And where the write buffer can exist in the memory hierarchy. And so they sat on that main contents. Or see more summary about the content we learned in the previous lectures. And data might be related to the military made sense. So next, I guess this is more like a mob here. There might be four to five questions and exam. The first one that's related to the lecture one about the profoundness of the procedure and also the analysis, Right? Yeah. This is, for example, five-stage processor. To do it. Since its size 8 for the processor technology with targeted clock rate. Next up, some novel of the heart rate. And you know, during the analysis of this processor, in any time and O'clock rid of waste, the supply voltage neck wound here. And if it drives some of the dynamic power and static power here, you need to answer the following questions about that. You know the how, how many energy it will cost you two operations due to this Sanchez way. So clock cycle here. And also it's a way to try to do some optimization lecture scan on the clock cycle. And you need to calculate the energy for the operations to compare to the original state of the operations in the system. Always a subject here. So that is the first one yet related to the lecture about the performance and energy consumption. Yeah, about here. And this will be related to the calculation of the mean time to failure. That is also about performance, or specifically for that rule up in any of the computing system. And you need to calculate the mean time to failure of the system with 500 computers. If you have more computers legs at 800 your computers all nigh on your computers. And if they have some dependence between each other, that means one, some of them fail, the system will fail. So you need to calculate the mean time to failure. Indeed, some cases, according to the assumptions care with with different numbers here. And the next one about the memory hierarchy of the lecture too, right? Yeah, this, this meantime to failure conclusion. As you have some practice in the homework one. And about the Mamluk hierarchy, especially for the test me see here. Yeah, that as a main content in lecture two. And also some of them met in the home over two. And the first one, you need to know as the definition of the Swiss day. That means the types off the misuse, right? And you need to know the definition. And you can describe the types of the Macy's. Yeah. Including the reasons in how they will affect the performance of the cache gas specifically, yeah, the important, it's about the reason for those three states. As we discussed in the class and needs to other types of times misuse, if you know. Yeah. You can associate all night before the exam. Yeah. You can have some idea about the other types of Muses. Beside those three states, compulsory capacity and also for conflicts of law, right? Actually, there are, are they, so about the cash basis, you need to know dot dot, dot global camps may sway Kashmir calculation and also how to calculate the notebook cache miss. Yeah, we just talk about the calculation and review. Also. Yeah, there are techniques to improve the performance right? For them or to increase the size of the block and set associativity from kind of the technologies that you need to know for the cache performance optimization. So these are related to lecture 2 in also humbled to write for the last round NMI about the and also in the memory hierarchy. Yes though, you know, da, da, da, da. Yeah. Actually, this is the one designing the memory hierarchy, as we mentioned, aids or loss of their radio, right? That is the bought the right buffer. So you a little bit better how to know. Actually, you need to describe how the red buffers are used in the memory hierarchy in order to improve the performance of the memory hierarchy. Yeah, you'll also need to indicate where the red buffers can exist in the memory hierarchy. Yeah, as we, as I demonstrated, right? There are some data rooms to help you with that. This is description. Yeah. To show where the write buffer can be added. Like to. Yeah, Between the first level cache and ends up on stage, Yeah, actually entering the memory hierarchy. But you need to show some examples where it can exist. Ada, ADA contents and also the exam mode here about the term exam here. And this is our time Wednesday from two to three storage here. This Wednesday, October 2007. It is the example at the maritime exam will be open book, open notes. The notes jury by yourself, right? And there will be no Internet and no discussion because it is in evaluates them. No discussion with others, inwards me. Yeah. Except there's some titles or something that you cannot recognize the questions in your answer sheet. So the rest of the time in this class, I will give the explanation about that Hello class today. So besides that will be available tomorrow from 2015 TM2 around for ion nav in the base of this building and to 25. Yeah, I can show you here. Let me show you here. So if you have further questions, you went home to the TA to discuss with him. Okay. So yeah, you can you can known of the of the tongue here from 2015 to a wrong for pn actually. Not L2 4, 5. Or you can send that e-mail to make appointment if you're not available during this time. So fun. Next, I will go to the extermination of the fourth Thursday about the one. Yeah. Other questions are highly related to the performance and adequately factual, but I feel have your answers right now. You can open it. If you're not actually, I can't open my here with the with the answers. So first, why? There were problems? That is not bought. Some conclusions about the according to Amdahl's law. Yeah, me too. Yeah, conquer the speed of computing systems, excuse me, is for the best model for the computing system. So for this bond, according to the results or the answers, there are no more questions for you. And also the 71. So if you're cooking with your hair. So this one might be some extreme cases where the maximum speedup, as was shown on the slide. So according to Amdahl's law here, so a much higher speed up already have the maximum squabble variable to immersion. Yeah, unlimited Of course. Right. So some clamps. You can see that it's late, huh? I feel have the machine with the unlimited courses. The long run. Yeah. Maddie. Exactly. Unlimited political candidate. My center well as to improve the efficiency of the system. So that also relates to the smooth ER. Yeah. No, sir. Sir. Long as that's the submission you are adding, that is the power times the time. So you can have actually improved been with the US are written right? There is no much polygon scan. So I travel from sharedness won't offer days for reservoir as that ball to show me the overall operation. So I was there co-processors, fixes from one to i here and are just made up of the exclusions here where it's 9595 and I thought, You know, doc, they have to increase their speed. This is the burglar and that you would like to show you. And I think most of you got the right answer snare nowadays. Or is there? That is, also does read out the first homework well, as to the performance, right? So that is also pointing out those feet. It also described the next now have needs to know to improve their distal axis. So x a full one example. To improve their axis. One could use parallel the system. Yeah, Eva and parallel approach away nerves in the later lecture. So you'll know by the parent argues for system, or you can switch to advanced stages. The barriers and other pebble is that you can use to improve their access to I or some disk or swimming, expand and storage events. Some possible approaches use it to improve the axes. So that last Uh-huh, Uh-huh. You know, to improve the speed of the overall system, IO bound system. And how does that compare to that of their computing bond system? So now we'll turn edges can be there yet, right? For the data access. So mezzanine out of the network access, my pencil, right? Just that are encoding to the reason. So comparable with that of the computation bond system. Yeah, actually, yeah, this is my, related to their talk about that, but performance computing memory, right? So from the anyway battle of the computing bounces from the Compute, Compute fusion bar system upon these three up by using my course. So basically the authors, it improves their memory performance back to close that gap or to decrease or bad, which means a computing system. So in this case, if the bottleneck as due to pumping tuition phone. So the way to solve this problem is to use the money to improve the company's efficiency, right? So you're going to have more cores or have new effective course in more rounds or foster rounds to improve the company performance. That Yeah, ways a final object to, to, to, to decrease the gap between the mattering at the computing system, so forth. Now last of all, barberpole worm. Yeah, that is the tear. Thank you. Yeah. Mean time to failure. Like cluster. Yeah. Another class or with five computer. So I 500 computers, so works or main terminal sooner of the pastor is the sum of the computer it failed the cluster as compare to sail down some cases here. So we come to senior year and iii, IV, according to the equations as we're showing the password. And so if they're asked them yeah. Actually, I was more computers here at home. From Jurafsky. And each of them will have their days out the meantime to failure. So you need to do apparently about how it reports of their own system. Whereas freshman year and a new system was there. A 100 computers here, we have different types of idle time consuming. All right. So the Farah rid of them. This is known as double. Yeah. So which one would be barefoot? Better now than it appears that the system will be better for the right things there. New system was prior fumarate. There's areas that were born six hours for the midterms you say, well, why? So if you are good times where there's tissue showing your words class or would it be? So he said that yeah, if the classifier is considered to feel like a single computer fails here, yeah, it can read and Schoenberg adding more computer stopped not improve the meantime to failure like raisins or DA yeah. Actually, I do have question was lateral arm off from viewers? Can Richard their reliability, performance in a power? So that is they're not a US thing. More way to add more processor, all of the computer resources there are the reasons might be here that so first of all, yeah, improves the paradise them on the single application right now these might be some effective ways. All the reasons that we will use to have clusters with larger numbers, right? That was 90. Nonetheless, computers surveys more influence or face more users simultaneously. Yeah, they say so one most thymine are always parallel computing and the pragmatic company was the exclusion simultaneously, right? So also not an almost computers for by a full banner redundancy data means if some of them fail, you can't have extra all the tolerate resources used for the redundancy, for better redundancy. And also this one for the Charles Schwab, more computers where you have available candidates for. So that's that. First of all, I will send you this for your reference if you have further questions also, come to your TA or send us emails before. Yeah. Yeah. There is another one. This is about homophone. And I'm going to show you, I will show you also the homework G1 here. So I missed one here. Where it's the last one. Okay. Including wants to okay. Okay. Why are they grew? As well as about power management policy. What are resources for them, rather than clicking right? So, yeah, we have some assumptions. All policies, we're still use flow causing a room for speed and others doing a small pause all around this antibody fragments, right? And others might use straight off the full course as where learning the first one to see the mess well might be related to the policies, to the resource management to reduce our power or to make a comparison between the different situations where different resources or Barker performance and are referred to as construction work. When we're doing the same avocational or during their CRM exclusion, then? Yeah. I thought that plaza 2 and 3 yeah. You need to pregnant. They're actually the exclusion term to say whether they plan their day requirement. Though. Exclusion all bugger or incarnational about the exclusion term for part 2 and part 3. But yet they have the, uh, yeah, just thin it's cushion time, not less than 30. Well, as way to find year so they can start their mouth or real-time application by fun us better question here. Yeah, Now, you need to compare the lung to search and say which one small efficient for the Amazon and Y fractional. Why? That is to conquer the exact. Energy, it will cost to say which more as a minima or maxima, right? All of those three policies year you've been frankly, the year that that are different values here. So they're balanced or a year or two at the very center wires or restaurant owners example. Or it hasn't gone through history and others might too far more than for a year. So there was more as there are more efficient, right? Hello. Last one for an Arthur. Yeah. I found some of the students have a good answer for this question. Yeah. Yeah. Most of you have answered this question about minuses. I'm trying to find some, for example, for the last one. Yeah. Some of them are bad because it's extra wall. That is that open open man question. You can have your own. Here I will need some books. I find a nonstarter. Here. I will show you additional for that. Okay? So let's show the second homework. First and I will share, will go or more minutes to know if there's a lot of nice way these classical and our lecture so far. I want you to describe each band. Yeah, including your composite rate on that point gravity. The nurses? Yeah. Including the description of the reasons and also the yeah. Especially for the reasons. And there might be a word for swamp, as I mentioned. The other businesses, right? So the possible as close or biter will call it. The nurses actually have to talk about them, about their exits, that one the masturbate to compile, right? Because remember memory is being shared among multiple processors, right? So this is the quad the virus induces an audition to it. Basically three stays we mentioned in the class. And also does then a question about the proper end up at night, the first level to improve the process of performance. And negative effect may occur in the best policy, right? So actually have enough lesser levels are low for the higher wage. Or ladder first level promotes the higher wage or a parent improve the instruction throughput and also the logger for some neighborhoods when we use them. There are negative effects, including increased control of their data part that way. So there's art that were introduced. Oh, yeah, Actually, when we introduce the Pac-Man or parallel computing, things are later as far as helpful. So those are the possible effects here. Your mind low, pardon, stage. So actually, this nice hierarchical might interrupt the flow of instructions through their court. Then I'll be said that the branding of the place, also, it will increase their clients come artsy families though. The management or the access to the morals of the complexity that from, well, it does say a lot about the direct map and also set associative approach in their chairs, optimization in terms of the axis, that logic, complexity and also the NAD right? I don't know about them. As the thinkings that pulse turns off there, lots of complexity and also generating know are active standby occurs or about the unflinching to know we have seamless solutions where we have the exam are to churn or two, we start our phone 2004. It was slightly faster. Gardner therapy map. So in terms of that as a comparator, ways that are crunches or 80 of them for each axis. There, I've learned that it's almost oh, yeah. Oh, it's knower. With the actual construction. However, no, no, no, no math. When software firm the more perfect losses where you can access. So they have different performers in terms off the axis, Brian, model complexity and also the energy building the perfect sphere. So you can have, there are lattices for two rules. There's 20 questions for the other ones are permutation. For stone crushing yard there above the average memory access term. So you need your murder. That is the way to my other organization. And, uh, you know, plowed and planted by their feet round the misread analysis. Finally, we're nice and easy. Oh, no, not too much problem for, let's say a girl pregnant. If you are out there. For Professor. Yeah, Now, first, let's us do pigment. There. Are da, da, da, I think we are of the essence from here. Yeah. When are they pointing them to submit their slaves? According to the inclusion. Also axis from Per Instruction. Poundstone me says No, my law of motion per axis for each rate. And also lack was it bourbons? Or how long would it take to wait to access their families? Parents, we find more cycles. So why does the word thin ones, the first one to point here, Thursday we are with deep-learning situation started is great for the gears here. And then the next hyperbolic or average model is this term here for the instructional interquartile, a personal level smear. And the next line above the line in red at the bottom for the instruction from their homes. So on this question that is still king, Where's Martha Learn more spatial? Or the camera? Although the Theta axis Warner operations and that's in some way, so to speak, burns off their way back the instruction, that's a separate story about the reports that function pores are notes that starts worthwhile at the operations, read the instructions. So yeah, but basically the reason I'm writing here, That's why it's a fire for the instruction class, comparator to blah, blah, blah. Whereas here, so the next slides about the nice pink that the misses per instruction are proposing something, aren't they? I know how that MakerBot before fund a nice way. So this may spray instruction for the instruction cache it the same as that sweat, the first thing to note, the instruction quenches axis, therefore the average instruction. So it is 1% misuse of instruction. On the other hand, for their data cache misses per instruction, as they're nice rich, multiplied by the number of the axis is per instruction. So it would be to a certain prompts that are sort of 80 percent or access our instruction. So that is that mu for the population, for the incident, your axis for the instruction quires. Yeah, God, as a different conclusion for that, instruction plans are eight outcomes for you. So when you should know that there are Agenda misused or instruction for the instruction at the data queries are much closer during the operation, even they have that sphere. So the next one bought the system always five-stage pipeline. Right? The first question in class to show, yeah, the first available, not read off your processor one therapy that fetching the instruction from the program Rome. So basemap. Club auger, turn full above five stage operations in Versailles homophone a IF, ID, EX, memory and a rabbi build a credible pass off the processor memory as a one. And that means that the maximum, sure about I need EX all red band stay variance of one. So if we have fats will, I've found the room here. Next is the IF stage will take 2 along and create new critical pascals or access tutor room here, right? I assume here. And also the fact that the IF stage where you will access the room OR gate, either mattered states. So it will also take extra time to do it are related to their brand. Here's our bodies, their time nine for the operation. Here. It also ran a question nowadays, our border. First, our tuple Procreate off your processor. So if we press that realm axis, the IF stage, well, only take a narrow one thick stroke. All the Create it will press. That means a reactor or less, Pam for the axis. So we're wrong. The full author or clubs I go here and was last term here. So the next one, I still connected with the miss penalty in the crop cycle and also the cache miss rate in this, in this example. So that miss penalty or wherever you can ask the following question. I was three plots here. The first part of our first cycle, 1 dummies is Detective, hey, rotate one crop cycle here. And then the Santa Clara is greater by the multiplication rule. If there are none left the room, now needs to feel that Constantine, right and nothing about their time, but crack zygote to determine the number of the zygomatic arch it yes, these are nonmetals. They're phi goes to bring her room here, right? So you'll miss penalty here by this three abhorred war. Last question was about, if we get this result, the instruction Christ right here. So the CVI will be completed by their knee from here, whereas Darwin is done on a phone or a warranty or any film of what is. There are different ways that instruction pairs in this equation here. Yeah, I go through the answers for all students. You have. Run this, Shawn. Say pull it on your machine already and get the right results. Here. I say almost everyone bought the food. Both of those machine running on your computer to say their thoughts so much for that. For the real exam will not have Flexible pole to the right. So this one nursing school. I saw not our domain. For the homologue along enough, almost 20 here. I just a brief explanation. The herbivores of the time is already here. So I say, if you have more questions about that specific questions on the homeworks all the continents where I have showing the reveal. You can send me email or have the discussion with the TA tomorrow. So the tunnel lobbied. You're going right down to 15. And now the base of this community. Okay. Now we'll also review the slides here and also the ansatz off the homework tonight. You can check that out day before the exam. So the exam in class, Wednesday. Okay. I was I saying you need to remember that. Tie to a turn here. If you'll have some yeah. Raisins or emergency razors. Just an empty no. And you're going to join the Zoom in the same time what was asked. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Apologized for nano DNAPL. Thank you.